# tawny-overtone

##Introduction

This package contains the code produced as part of the Tawny Overtone
project, which aims to compose and orchestrate metadata alongside the
music.

Specifically we investigate born-semantic music, where semantic
annotation can be added at any point in the production of the music.
For this, we combine [Overtone](https://github.com/overtone/overtone)
and [Tawny-OWL](https://github.com/phillord/tawny-owl). The former is
an electronic music system that allows the description and synthesis
of music at all levels: from the quality of the sounds, to notes and
rhythm, to song or composition level. The latter allows a generation
of semantic annotation in OWL. Crucially, these both use the same
underlying language (Clojure). 

For more information about this project, please see the authors
website.

##Author

Michael Bell, Newcastle University [(homepage)](http://www.michaeljbell.co.uk).
Phillip Lord, Newcastle University [(homepage)](http://www.russet.org.uk/blog).

## License

The contents of this file are subject to the LGPL License, Version
3.0.

Copyright (C) 2012, 2013, Newcastle University

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this program. If not, see
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

